# transatlantic-slave-trade
we will uncover some of the numbers behind the Trans-atlantic slave trade (TAST), also known as the middle passage, that brought African slaves to the Americas. The middle passage is reported to have forcibly migrated over 10 million Africans to the Americas over a roughly 3 century time span. Many aspects of the TAST is little known by most people, such as the countries that constituted this network of slave ships, the regions from which the slaves were taken, and the number of slaves captured from Africa.

This last number is especially important since the number of slaves taken from Africa can impact other estimates that result from this. For example, when estimating the population of Africa in a given decade, demographers will use population growth models and more recent census data. For example, there are roughly X number of people in Africa and such populations tend to grow at rate M. Then if we want to calculate the population one century ahead then we just apply a simple formula that assumes that the population grows at this rate. But if the population is being drained by the slave trade, then this number will tend to be underestimated because the growth rate is overestimated. To account for this models need to take into account this drain on the population.

Throughout this homework you will need to follow the principles of graphical excellence and the grammar of graphics. Use only Plotnine for your graphics, do not use Pyplot, Seaborn, or Plotly since they do not follow closely the grammar of graphics. Be sure to include titles and necessary contextual captions.

Warning: The Trans-Atlantic Slave Trade remains one of the most horrific abuses of human rights in history. This homework deals with the numbers behind this forced migration, please be aware that this is a sensitive topic for possibly yourself and others. A suitable amount of respect and seriousness is required when dealing with this data.
